in the Navy had any military service. Formally, it's, isn't it? It's the
responsibility of these Senior officer two get to know their subordinates.
But when the opportunity arises for that to happen, however,
the senior officer facilitates that the junior officer, orgy or subordinate
needs to take part. It doesn't need to be. It doesn't need
to be for a lengthy period of time. But doing that can can establish
a personal report with the commanding officer and is as good as you
are professionally. There is a personal aspect. All thi this. You
need to realize that even in your personal relationship with your with
your senior officer, they are evaluating you. It's not necessarily
a bad away, and they might be doing it unconsciously. But they'll
remember the things you say that how you acted, what you did. So if
you go out with them and you end up having way too much to drink, they
will not forget that even though it might have been a one time thing,
Uh, so basically, in on the flip side of that while it is on the
on the senior officers is a senior officer's responsibility to get
Thio facilitate getting to know their subordinates. I don't think
there's anything wrong with periodically seeing if your senior officer
wants to go get some lunch or something like that, Uh, perhaps in
a group setting or something like that. So if a bunch of junior officers
going out and you say, Hey, let's invite our department head that
may be fairly appropriate. Also, I have been fortunate enough to
be in several places where there are officers, clubs, and you talking
with your bosses in the Officers club is usually a has usually been
on effective way to get to know them. Um, what? Whatever, you know,
whatever establishment allows that it would be similar appropriate.